1. What is the meaning of ‘strata’?
The term ‘strata’ was first introduced legally in 1985 in response to the mushrooming of multi-storey structures as a result of urbanisation in major Malaysian cities. However, strata only came into the spotlight with the implementation of the Strata Management Act 2013 (SMA 2013) on June 1, 2015.
The new enactment serves to correct the limitations of its predecessor, Building and Common Property (Maintenance and Management) Act 2007. The SMA 2013 provides clearer and more stringent provisions on the management of stratified properties in Malaysia, including residential, commercial and mixed-use developments.

2. What is a strata property?
As per SMA 2013, a strata title allows property buyers ownership or co-ownership of part of a (strata) property. A strata property is defined as a development or scheme where the building or land is carved out into different lots or ‘parcels’. Residential strata properties include high rises such as flats, apartments, condominiums, townhouses, as well as landed homes in gated and guarded (G&G) communities.

Meanwhile, an example of a ‘parcel’ is a condominium unit within a condominium block. These accessory parcels and common property are managed by a management body.

3) What are the main differences between a strata title and individual title?
Typically, strata titles are issued for properties in a multi-storey building where the land usually belongs to the owners or developers of the property. Strata titles are divided into separate individual titles issued to units of houses, apartments or offices within a development that share common facilities.

Developers are required to apply for the strata titles on behalf of home buyers. On the other hand, individual titles are normally issued in cases of landed properties (semi-D, terrace, bungalows) and to owners of the land.


4) What is common property and limited common property?
Common property refers to any other area in the development which does not belong to an individual strata unit owner. Rather, common property is shared between all property owners. Examples include the gymnasium, swimming pool and elevators.

In some strata developments, there are specific common areas and facilities which can only be utilised by certain property owners. These areas are known as limited common property (LCP). For instance, only penthouse owners of a condo block could have access to a private rooftop garden.

LCP is especially useful for mixed developments, where the owners of commercial units cannot utilise certain common properties. For example, shop lot owners within a mixed-use strata development will have no use of the gymnasium in the attached residential block. A separate management committee can be established to maintain and manage these limited common areas/facilities.

5) Who manages and maintains my strata property?
Strata developments are supposed to operate as a democracy, where unit owners collectively decide how to best manage the property that they share via the Management Corporation (MC). The MC serves to represent all the strata unit owners, where its members are voted in by all other unit owners who attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM).

Main responsibilities of the MC include enforcing rules and regulations, managing and maintaining common properties, paying quit rent, obtaining insurance and complying with relevant laws and policies. However, an MC can only be established after strata titles have been issued, and at least a quarter (25%) of the aggregate share units have been transferred to unit owners.

In the meantime, an interim body, called Joint Management Body (JMB) will be set up to run things, starting from the time of delivery of vacant possession by the developer to the purchasers. This gap in time of forming the MC, also known as the Developer’s Management Period is meant to be a grace period for the owners to learn the trade of managing their own property with the holding hand of the developer.

6. What fees do I have to pay for my strata unit?
Unit owners pay management fees for the maintenance of the building and common properties. This will be used for everyday repairs and upkeep purposes, as well as long term maintenance of the building. The quantum of the management fees depends on the built-up area of the respective strata units.

There are two types of fees:
Service Charge: Monthly payments for maintaining common facilities and common property in the development such as swimming pools, elevators, and security services. Also known as maintenance fees.

Sinking Fund: Covers future capital expenses, which are not as frequent – such as the painting of the facade, refurbishment works or replacement of fixtures. The fund’s amount must be enough to cover all the development’s expenses; it is usually collected in advance and a charge of 10% of the service charge is customarily applied.

7. What happens if I don’t pay my service charges?
If you fail to pay the monthly fee, there are two likely scenarios. The JMB or MC may display your name on the defaulter list in common areas, suspend services to your unit, stop you from using common facilities and even bar you from entering the building by deactivating your electromagnetic access device.

Should a defaulter still refuse to pay up the amount due, the management body will then file a claim with the Strata Management Tribunal (SMT), where the errant strata owner will be brought before the SMT for an order to pay up. The management could even obtain a warrant from the Commissioner of Building (COB) that allows them to rescind movable property from the defaulter’s unit (television set, refrigerator, etc) and auction it off.

The management is also allowed to forcibly enter your unit within 14 days of you receiving a written notice, if you do not pay your condominium maintenance fees.

8. What are by-laws?
Prior to Strata Management Regulations (SMR) 2015, upon the signing of the Sales and Purchase Agreement (SPA), strata owners are required to enter into an agreement with the developer called the Deed of Mutual Covenant (DMC). The DMC serves as ‘House Rules’ which govern the do’s and don’ts of the strata property.

Now that the new act has been enforced, the DMC has been replaced with by-laws, which are all laid out in the third schedule of the SMR 2015. These by-laws are established for the purposes of regulating the control, maintenance, management, administration, use and enjoyment of the individual units and common property. It covers matters such as parking and use of vehicles, disposal of solid waste, renovation and home remodelling works, among others.

Your management committee is also empowered to make additional by-Laws such as rules over the keeping of pets via a special resolution during the general meeting, as long as they do not contradict with the existing by-laws.

9. What is the Common Property Defect Account?
The Common Property within your residential strata building has a defect liability period of 24 months, similar to the one for your strata unit. Strata owners have the alternative to claim for any defect in their common property such as leakages or faulty elevators within the defect period.

Before the handing over of strata units, the developer will have to submit 0.5% of the estimated construction cost or RM50,000; whichever is higher to the COB. This amount is to be deposited into a statutory account as a provision for any possible defect in the development. Should the sum be insufficient to cover any expenses, the developer must top up the remaining amount.

10. What are my rights as a strata property owner?
You have various legal rights as a strata property owner. These include:

A) Right to request for an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM)

To provide timely intervention for any issues. The Chairman of the committee should convene for an EGM within 6 weeks of receiving the requisition in writing from strata owners who are together entitled to at least 25% of the aggregate share units. There have been instances where owners are unhappy with certain committee decisions such as the awarding of maintenance works’ contracts to family members/friends and the misuse of funds. Should the management turn a blind eye to the request for an EGM, owners can then seek help from the Commissioner of Building (COB) or the SMT.

B) Right to vote during AGM and EGM

To exercise this right, owners will have to settle all of their outstanding service charges prior to the AGM or EGM. Those who fail to do so will not be allowed to cast a vote for any resolution. Each parcel of land (unit) will be entitled to one vote. A co-strata owner may vote by means of a jointly appointed proxy, or by appointing any one of the owners. For example, a proxy who is representing her husband who owns a unit will be able to cast a vote on his behalf. Do note that a proxy is not allowed to be a committee member if he/she is not an owner.

C) Right to request for the review of Service Charges & Sinking Fund  

In the event where owners are unsatisfied with the fees being implemented by the management, including any increase in charges, they could apply for its review to the COB. The COB will then determine the right amount that should be charged or get a registered property manager to recommend the said amount.

(D) Right to file a claim under the Strata Management Tribunal (SMT)

You are protected under the SMT, where any dispute related to strata management falls under the jurisdiction of the SMT. The SMT was formed to provide feasible solutions for disputes regarding the failure to perform a function, duty or power imposed by SMA 2013. Disputes under the SMT can be handled at a minimum cost as no legal representation is allowed (thus eliminating high legal costs) and it has cheaper filing fees as compared with a court proceeding. However, the SMT has a pecuniary jurisdiction not exceeding RM250,000.

What is strata property?
Strata property refers to properties where individuals own a specific unit or lot within a larger building or development. Common examples include condominiums and apartments.

What is the Strata Title in Malaysia?
The Strata Title is a legal document that confers individual ownership of a specific unit or lot within a strata development. It is issued by the local land office.

What are common facilities in a strata property?
Common facilities in strata properties often include amenities like swimming pools, gyms, parking areas, and common areas such as hallways and lobbies.

What is the role of the Joint Management Body (JMB) in strata properties?
The JMB is responsible for managing and maintaining the common property in a strata development. It is formed by property owners and plays a key role in the upkeep of shared facilities and services.

How are maintenance fees determined?
Maintenance fees are typically calculated based on the allocated share units for each strata property. The share units are determined by factors like the size and type of the unit.

Can owners participate in decision-making for the strata property?
Yes, owners have the right to participate in decisions related to the management of the strata property. This is usually done through general meetings where matters like budget approval and rule changes are discussed.

What is the sinking fund?
The sinking fund is a reserve fund set aside for major repairs and maintenance of the strata property. Owners contribute to this fund to ensure there are sufficient funds for large-scale projects.

How are disputes resolved in strata properties?
Disputes within strata properties can be resolved through various means, including mediation, arbitration, or legal action. The Strata Management Tribunal in Malaysia also provides a platform for dispute resolution.

Can owners make alterations to their units?
Any structural alterations or renovations within individual units usually require approval from the JMB or Management Corporation (MC) to ensure compliance with regulations and to prevent issues that may affect the overall building structure.

What are the responsibilities of the Management Corporation (MC)?
The MC takes over from the JMB and is responsible for managing and maintaining the common property. It is elected by the property owners and plays a crucial role in ensuring the overall well-being of the strata development.

What is the Strata Management Act 2013, and how does it impact strata property owners?
The Strata Management Act 2013 is legislation in Malaysia that governs the management and maintenance of strata properties. It outlines the rights and responsibilities of property owners, management bodies, and developers.

Can a property owner lease or rent out their strata unit?
Yes, property owners have the right to lease or rent out their strata unit. However, they should adhere to any bylaws and regulations set by the Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC).

What is the role of a managing agent in a strata property?
A managing agent is a professional hired by the Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC) to assist in the day-to-day management, financial matters, and administrative tasks of the strata property.

How are decisions made within the Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC)?
Decisions are typically made through general meetings where property owners vote on matters such as budgets, bylaws, and major repairs. Each owner's voting power is determined by the share units allocated to their unit.

What is the Quorum in strata property meetings?
The quorum is the minimum number of property owners required to be present at a general meeting to make the proceedings valid. It is usually a percentage of the total share units in the strata development.

Can owners be fined for violating bylaws in a strata property?
Yes, owners can be fined for violating bylaws. The JMB or MC has the authority to enforce bylaws and take appropriate action, including imposing fines, to ensure compliance.

How are insurance responsibilities divided in a strata property?
Typically, the JMB or MC is responsible for insuring common property, while individual owners are responsible for insuring their own units and contents. However, this can vary, and owners should be aware of the specific arrangements in their development.

What is the role of the Strata Management Tribunal?
The Strata Management Tribunal is a legal avenue for resolving disputes related to strata properties. It provides an alternative to court proceedings and aims to resolve issues in a timely and cost-effective manner.

Can an owner dispute the amount of maintenance fees imposed by the JMB or MC?
Yes, owners have the right to dispute the amount of maintenance fees. They can raise their concerns during general meetings or seek resolution through the Strata Management Tribunal.

What happens if an owner refuses to pay maintenance fees?
Non-payment of maintenance fees can lead to legal action by the JMB or MC. The property may also be subject to a charging order, allowing the outstanding fees to be recovered from the sale proceeds if the unit is sold.

Are there restrictions on the use of common facilities in strata properties?
Yes, there may be restrictions on the use of common facilities, and these are often outlined in the bylaws. For example, there may be rules regarding pool usage hours, guest access, and noise levels in common areas.

Can an owner challenge decisions made by the JMB or MC?
Yes, an owner can challenge decisions made by the JMB or MC if they believe the decisions are unfair or not in compliance with the Strata Management Act. The Strata Management Tribunal is one avenue for resolving such disputes.

What is the role of a property manager in a strata development?
A property manager may be hired by the JMB or MC to oversee day-to-day operations, including maintenance, security, and administrative tasks. They act as a liaison between property owners and the management body.

How are common property repairs funded in a strata development?
Common property repairs are typically funded through the maintenance fees collected from property owners. In some cases, the sinking fund may be utilized for major repairs and renovations.

Can an owner request financial records of the JMB or MC?
Yes, owners have the right to request and inspect financial records of the JMB or MC. Transparency in financial matters is crucial, and owners can exercise this right to ensure accountability.

Are there restrictions on the modification of exterior areas of a strata unit?
Yes, there may be restrictions on modifying the exterior areas of a strata unit, such as balconies or facades. Owners should seek approval from the JMB or MC before making any structural changes.

What is the difference between a JMB and an MC in a strata development?
The Joint Management Body (JMB) is formed initially by the developer, while the Management Corporation (MC) is elected by property owners once vacant possession is handed over. The MC takes over long-term management responsibilities.

How are utility charges handled in a strata property?
Utility charges for common areas are usually covered by the maintenance fees. However, individual owners are responsible for their unit's utility charges, such as water and electricity.

What is the role of a Building Management Committee (BMC) in a strata property?
The Building Management Committee (BMC) is a committee within the Management Corporation (MC) responsible for specific tasks, such as overseeing the maintenance of common property or managing security matters.

Can an owner request an audit of the JMB or MC accounts?
Yes, owners have the right to request an audit of the JMB or MC accounts. This ensures transparency and allows owners to verify that funds are being managed appropriately.

What constitutes common property in a strata development?
Common property includes areas and facilities shared by all residents, such as corridors, lobbies, elevators, and common gardens. It is collectively owned by all unit owners.

How are common property repairs and maintenance funded?
Repair and maintenance of common property are funded through the maintenance fees collected from all property owners. Additionally, the sinking fund may be utilized for major repairs.

Can common property be used for commercial purposes by any owner?
Generally, common property is meant for the common use and enjoyment of all residents. Using common property for commercial purposes may require approval from the Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC).

What steps can the JMB or MC take to enhance security in common areas?
The JMB or MC can implement security measures in common areas, such as installing CCTV cameras or hiring security personnel. Decisions related to security enhancements are usually made in consultation with property owners.

Can an owner request additional lighting in common areas for safety reasons?
Yes, owners can request additional lighting in common areas for safety reasons. Such requests are usually addressed by the JMB or MC to ensure the overall safety and well-being of the residents.

Who is responsible for landscaping and upkeep of common gardens or green spaces?
The responsibility for landscaping and upkeep of common gardens or green spaces lies with the JMB or MC. These areas are considered common property, and maintenance is funded through maintenance fees.

Are there restrictions on the use of common facilities like swimming pools or gyms?
Yes, there may be restrictions on the use of common facilities outlined in the bylaws. These restrictions could include operating hours, guest policies, and rules to ensure fair usage by all residents.

Can an owner request modifications to common areas for accessibility reasons?
Owners can request modifications to common areas for accessibility reasons, especially if it involves ensuring access for residents with disabilities. Such requests are typically considered by the JMB or MC.

What happens if an owner damages common property?
If an owner damages common property, they are usually held responsible for the repairs. The cost may be recovered from the owner, and the matter may be addressed through the strata management's enforcement mechanisms.

Can an owner be restricted from using common areas if they are in violation of bylaws?
Yes, if an owner violates bylaws related to the use of common areas, the JMB or MC has the authority to take corrective action, which may include restricting the owner's access to certain common facilities.

How are decisions made regarding changes or upgrades to common property amenities?
Decisions regarding changes or upgrades to common property amenities are typically made through general meetings where property owners discuss and vote on proposals. The approval process may vary based on the nature and cost of the changes.

Who oversees the cleanliness and waste management in common areas?
The cleanliness and waste management in common areas are overseen by the JMB or MC. They are responsible for implementing and enforcing policies to maintain the cleanliness of shared spaces.

Can an owner request additional seating or recreational facilities in common areas?
Owners can request additional seating or recreational facilities in common areas, and such requests are usually considered by the JMB or MC based on the overall benefit to the community.

How are disputes among residents related to common areas resolved?
Disputes among residents related to common areas can be brought to the attention of the JMB or MC. If resolution is not achieved internally, the Strata Management Tribunal may be approached for dispute resolution.

Can common property be used for community events or gatherings?
Yes, common property can be used for community events or gatherings with the approval of the JMB or MC. However, there may be guidelines and procedures to follow to ensure smooth coordination and usage.

What is the purpose of the sinking fund in a strata development?
The sinking fund is set up to finance major and unforeseen expenses, ensuring that there are sufficient funds for significant repairs, replacements, or renovations of common property.

How is the amount of contribution to the sinking fund determined for each unit?
The contribution to the sinking fund is typically determined based on the allocated share units for each unit, considering factors such as unit size and type. The share units are outlined in the strata title.

What types of expenses can the sinking fund be used for?
The sinking fund can be used for major structural repairs, renovations, or replacements of common property components. This may include items like roof repairs, elevator upgrades, or repainting of the building.

Can the sinking fund be utilized for routine maintenance tasks?
The sinking fund is generally reserved for major and unexpected expenses. Routine maintenance tasks are typically covered by the regular maintenance fees collected from property owners.

How often is the sinking fund contribution reviewed or adjusted?
The sinking fund contribution may be reviewed periodically, and adjustments can be made if there is a need to ensure that it remains adequate for covering potential major expenses.

Is the sinking fund separate from the regular maintenance fees, or are they combined?
The sinking fund is separate from regular maintenance fees. Maintenance fees cover ongoing operational costs, while the sinking fund is specifically designated for long-term capital expenditures.

Can the sinking fund be used without the approval of property owners?
Generally, the use of the sinking fund for specific purposes requires the approval of property owners, often through discussions and voting in general meetings.

What happens if the sinking fund is insufficient to cover a major expense?
If the sinking fund is insufficient to cover a major expense, the property owners may need to discuss and decide on additional contributions or alternative funding sources to address the shortfall.

How is transparency maintained in the utilization of the sinking fund?
Transparency in sinking fund utilization is typically achieved through proper accounting and financial reporting. Property owners have the right to request and inspect financial records related to the sinking fund.

Can the sinking fund be invested to generate returns?
Depending on the regulations and bylaws, the sinking fund may be invested to generate returns. However, any investment decisions should align with the guidelines outlined in the Strata Management Act.

Is there a cap on the amount that can be accumulated in the sinking fund?
The Strata Management Act does not specify a cap on the amount that can be accumulated in the sinking fund. However, the sinking fund should be managed prudently to ensure it remains adequate for its intended purpose.

Can the sinking fund be used for individual unit repairs or renovations?
The sinking fund is typically designated for common property expenses and cannot be used for individual unit repairs or renovations. Owners are responsible for the maintenance of their own units.

How are property owners informed about the status and usage of the sinking fund?
Property owners are typically informed about the status and usage of the sinking fund through regular financial reports provided by the Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC) during general meetings.

Can property owners vote on specific sinking fund expenditure proposals?
Yes, property owners usually have the right to vote on specific sinking fund expenditure proposals during general meetings. This democratic process ensures that major decisions align with the consensus of the community.

Can the sinking fund be used for emergency repairs without prior approval?
In certain emergency situations that require immediate attention, the sinking fund may be used for emergency repairs without prior approval. However, subsequent approval from property owners is typically sought.

Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM):
What is an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) in a strata property context?
An EGM is a special meeting held to discuss and make decisions on specific urgent or important matters that cannot wait until the next Annual General Meeting (AGM).

Under what circumstances is an EGM typically called?
An EGM is usually called to address urgent matters, significant decisions, or issues that require immediate attention and cannot wait for the regular AGM.

Who has the authority to call for an EGM in a strata development?
The Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC) has the authority to call for an EGM. Additionally, a requisition by a specified percentage of owners can trigger the calling of an EGM.

What kind of decisions can be made during an EGM?
EGMs are typically focused on specific agenda items, such as amending bylaws, approving special levies, addressing emergencies, or making decisions that require immediate attention.

How are decisions reached during an EGM?
Decisions during an EGM are usually made through voting. Each property owner has voting rights based on the share units allocated to their unit, and decisions are reached by a simple majority unless specified otherwise.

Is attendance mandatory for property owners at an EGM?
While attendance is encouraged, it may not be mandatory. However, property owners who do not attend can usually cast their votes through proxies or written resolutions.

How is notice for an EGM issued to property owners?
Notice for an EGM is typically issued to property owners through written communication, stating the agenda, date, time, and venue of the meeting. Adequate notice is crucial to ensure owners have sufficient time to prepare.

Can decisions made during an EGM be challenged or appealed?
Decisions made during an EGM can be challenged or appealed, especially if there are procedural irregularities or if the decisions are believed to be in violation of the Strata Management Act or bylaws.

Annual General Meeting (AGM):
What is the purpose of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) in a strata development?
The AGM is held annually to discuss routine matters, financial reports, elect committee members, approve budgets, and address any other issues that are part of the regular governance of the strata property.

Who has the authority to call for an AGM in a strata development?
The Joint Management Body (JMB) or Management Corporation (MC) is responsible for calling and organizing the AGM. It is a mandatory meeting that must be held within a specified time frame.

What is the usual frequency for holding AGMs in strata developments?
AGMs are typically held annually, and property owners are provided with advance notice to attend and participate in discussions on matters related to the management of the strata property.

What topics are commonly discussed and decided upon during an AGM?
AGMs cover a range of topics, including approval of financial statements, election of committee members, setting of maintenance fees, approval of budgets, and any other routine matters related to strata management.

How are committee members elected during an AGM?
Committee members are usually elected through a voting process during the AGM. Property owners may nominate themselves or others for committee positions, and the election is based on a simple majority.

What is the significance of approving financial statements during an AGM?
Approving financial statements during an AGM is crucial for transparency and accountability. Property owners review the financial health of the strata development and ensure proper management of funds.

Can property owners propose agenda items for discussion during an AGM?
Yes, property owners typically have the right to propose agenda items for discussion during an AGM. These proposals are usually submitted in advance to ensure they are included in the meeting agenda.

Is attendance mandatory for property owners at an AGM?
While attendance is not always mandatory, property owners are strongly encouraged to participate in AGMs to stay informed about the management and financial matters of the strata development.

How are voting rights determined during an AGM?
Voting rights during an AGM are usually determined based on the share units allocated to each unit. Property owners have voting rights in proportion to their share units.

Can decisions made during an AGM be challenged or appealed?
Decisions made during an AGM can be challenged or appealed, especially if there are procedural irregularities or if the decisions are believed to be in violation of the Strata Management Act or bylaws.

In Malaysia, the authority responsible for monitoring and addressing complaints from residents in strata properties is the Strata Management Tribunal (SMT). The Strata Management Tribunal was established under the Strata Management Act 2013 to provide an avenue for dispute resolution related to strata properties.

Strata Management Tribunal (SMT):
What is the Strata Management Tribunal (SMT) in Malaysia?
The Strata Management Tribunal is a specialized tribunal established under the Strata Management Act 2013 to resolve disputes and address complaints related to strata properties.

What types of disputes can residents bring to the Strata Management Tribunal?
Residents can bring a wide range of disputes to the Strata Management Tribunal, including issues related to maintenance fees, bylaw violations, management conflicts, or any other matters arising from the Strata Management Act.

How does the complaint resolution process work at the Strata Management Tribunal?
The complaint resolution process involves submitting a complaint to the Strata Management Tribunal, which will then schedule a hearing. During the hearing, parties present their cases, and the tribunal makes a legally binding decision.

What are the powers of the Strata Management Tribunal in resolving disputes?
The Strata Management Tribunal has the power to make orders for various remedies, including directing parties to comply with the Strata Management Act, awarding damages, or making any other appropriate orders to resolve the dispute.

Can residents represent themselves or hire legal representation at the Strata Management Tribunal?
Residents can represent themselves at the Strata Management Tribunal. While legal representation is allowed, the tribunal is designed to be accessible, and parties are encouraged to participate without the need for formal legal representation.

Is there a fee for filing a complaint with the Strata Management Tribunal?
There is a filing fee associated with submitting a complaint to the Strata Management Tribunal. The fee may vary depending on the nature and complexity of the dispute.

What happens if one party does not comply with the Strata Management Tribunal's decision?
If a party does not comply with the tribunal's decision, the other party may seek enforcement through the civil court. The decision of the Strata Management Tribunal is legally binding, and non-compliance may result in legal consequences.

Can the Strata Management Tribunal address issues related to common property disputes?
Yes, the Strata Management Tribunal can address common property disputes, including those related to management, maintenance, usage, or any matters falling under the purview of the Strata Management Act.

How long does it typically take for the Strata Management Tribunal to resolve a dispute?
The time taken to resolve a dispute at the Strata Management Tribunal can vary depending on the complexity of the case. The tribunal aims to provide a timely resolution, and the process is generally designed to be more expedited compared to traditional legal proceedings.

Can the Strata Management Tribunal handle disputes related to management bodies such as Joint Management Bodies (JMBs) or Management Corporations (MCs)?
Yes, the Strata Management Tribunal can handle disputes involving management bodies like Joint Management Bodies (JMBs) or Management Corporations (MCs) as long as the dispute falls within the scope of the Strata Management Act.

Residents in strata properties in Malaysia are encouraged to utilize the Strata Management Tribunal as a resource for resolving disputes and complaints, ensuring a fair and efficient process for addressing issues within the strata community.